Update ga article (#566)
sharetribe/flex-docs: src/docs/ftw-analytics/how-to-set-up-analytics-for-ftw/index.md

    <source src='./turn-off-enhanced-measurements.ogv' type='video/ogg'>
</video>

If that's not an option, you can continue to use Enhanced Measurements
if you disable the _Outbound clicks_ and _page changes based on browser
history events_ features.

![Disable Outbound clicks](./disable.png)

### Built-in handlers

FTW includes an
[event handler](https://github.com/sharetribe/ftw-daily/blob/89b9390e7235253067d0e78d9f838fbd6b07c10d/src/analytics/handlers.js#L16)
that sends `page_view` events to Google Analytics. These events need to
registered manually because FTW is a single-page application, meaning
that in-app navigation does not render a page load.

The Google Analytics script registers a `page_view` event automatically
on every page load. The
[`trackPageView`](https://github.com/sharetribe/ftw-daily/blob/89b9390e7235253067d0e78d9f838fbd6b07c10d/src/analytics/handlers.js#L16)
function takes this into account and only sends a `page_view` event to
Google if a page is accessed through in-app navigation.

If you'd like to track something other than page views, you can
implement your custom handler using the `trackPageView` function as an
example.

## Custom analytics libraries

> If you choose to go with another analytics provider, you can follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to add another analytics provider (e.g. Facebook Pixel), you can follow
```

It might be worth it to mention Facebook Pixel since it's asked quite often.

instead of manually appending a third-party script.

### Add the analytics library script

If the analytics library has an external script, you can add the library
script tag to the
[public/index.html](https://github.com/sharetribe/flex-template-web/blob/master/public/index.html)
file.

In some cases, you might want to import the script during server-side
rendering (SSR). That allows you to start tracking events as early as
possible. To inject the script during SSR, see how the
`googleAnalyticsScript` is imported in the
[server/renderer.js](https://github.com/sharetribe/flex-template-web/blob/master/server/renderer.js)
file. Importing the script during SSR also allows you to conditionally
import the script, depending on, e.g. certain environment variables.

### Create a handler

You can create a custom handler e.g. in
[src/analytics/handlers.js](https://github.com/sharetribe/flex-template-web/blob/master/src/analytics/handlers.js).
If you want to track page views, you could create a class that
implements a `trackPageView(url)` method.

Note that the `url` parameter passed to the function might not be the
same as in the URL bar of the browser. It is the canonical form of the
URL.

> > Example: the listing page URL is constructed dynamically:
> > `l/{listing-name}/{listing-slug}`. The canonical from of that URL
> > would be: `l/{listing-slug}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Example: the listing page URL is constructed dynamically:
> `l/{listing-slug}/{listing-id}`. The canonical form of that URL
> would be: `l/{listing-id}`.
>
> Note: a "slugS is a web development term for a short user-friendly text. 
> Here, it is generated from the listing's title - which might change quite often. 
```

tracking page views with customisable analytics handlers. This article
explains how to enable Google Analytics and use and create custom
analytics handlers.

## Configure Google Analytics

FTW has built-in support for Google Analytics. All you need to do is
assign your Google Analytics Tracking ID to the environment variable
`REACT_APP_GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_ID`.

> Google Analytics doesn't work in a hot-loading environment! The
> analytics script is added server-side. You can test it in your local
> environment by using the command `yarn run dev-server`.

### Google Analytics 4

Google recently released their new analytics service Google Analytics 4.
Support for Google Universal Analytics will end on October 1, 2023. New
versions of FTW provide out-of-the-box support for Google Analytics 4.

If you're starting development on a new version of FTW and prefer to use
Universal Analytics, you should look into how Analytics was implemented
before
[this pull request](https://github.com/sharetribe/ftw-daily/pull/1508).
If you have built your marketplace on top of an older version of FTW and
you want to start using Google Analytics 4, you'll need to implement the
changes introduced in

> [this pull request](https://github.com/sharetribe/ftw-daily/pull/1508).

Reviewer 2: The repetition of "this pull request" sounds like there are two pull requests, one that introduces the changes and one before which you can check the Universal Analytics version. I don't know if it's a problem, so up to you whether you want to reformulate this!

Author: Good point, fixed!

> New versions of FTW will expect a Tracking ID compatible with Google
> Analytics 4. FTW expects the ID to begin with the "G-" prefix.

#### Enhanced measurements

It is not recommended to use the Enhanced Measurements feature
introduced in Google Analytics 4, which is enabled by default. The
Enhanced Measurements feature injects code into link tags which can
break in-app navigation in FTW. Therefore, we strongly recommend
disabling the Enhanced Measurements feature when using Google Analytics
4 with FTW.

<video>
    <source src='./turn-off-enhanced-measurements.mp4' type='video/mp4'>
    <source src='./turn-off-enhanced-measurements.webm' type='video/webm'>
    <source src='./turn-off-enhanced-measurements.ogv' type='video/ogg'>

> </video>

Reviewer 2: Great use of video! 👌

Author: Thanks! Not *that* necessary here but I wanted to try it out 😆
